We recently attempted a patch that did not apply correctly. Several features are working inside the app but do not work from the initial onboarding reveal (the first 6 schools screen).
This indicates the first-6 page is likely using a different rendering path than the Explore page.
We must correct this.
IMPORTANT
Do NOT modify:
swim evaluation logic
recruiting likelihood logic
school ranking logic
database schema
This patch is strictly UI wiring, routing, and event handlers.
1. HERO LOGIN BUTTON IS CURRENTLY A DEAD END
The Existing Swimmers Login button on the hero screen currently does nothing when pressed.
This is a critical bug.
Current behavior:
User clicks:
Existing Swimmers Login
Nothing happens.
The button must route directly to the login page.
Required behavior:
Existing Swimmers Login
→ navigate to /login
Requirements:
• Must work immediately from hero
• Must not require entering a swimmer name first
• Must not open inline auth on the hero page
• Must navigate to the existing login page
Hero should be the only login entry point before onboarding begins.
2. FIRST-6 SCHOOLS PAGE IS NOT USING THE SAME CARD COMPONENT
The initial Top 6 schools reveal appears to use a custom renderer instead of the Explore card component.
Because of this:
• hero images do not display
• Admissions Reality button does not route to profile
• card behavior differs from Explore
Fix this by making the first-6 page reuse the same component.
Replace custom rendering with:
renderSchoolCard(school)
Implementation pattern:
const firstSix = rankedSchools.slice(0, 6)

firstSix.forEach(school => {
    renderSchoolCard(school)
})
The first-6 page should not have its own card logic.
3. HERO IMAGES MUST DISPLAY ON FIRST-6 CARDS
Hero images are currently missing from the initial 6 schools.
Ensure the same image logic used in Explore is used here.
Image selection priority:
school.hero_image
OR
school.images.campus[0]
If neither exists, fall back to placeholder.
Hero images must appear on:
• initial 6 schools
• Explore cards
• Deep Dive headers
4. ADMISSIONS REALITY BUTTON DOES NOT ROUTE FROM FIRST-6
Current behavior:
• Admissions Reality works correctly inside the app
• From the first 6 schools, the overlay appears but the redirect does not happen
This means the handler is not wired correctly on that page.
All cards must use the same click handler.
Button should call:
handleAdmissionsRealityClick(school)
Handler logic:
If academic profile incomplete:
Show overlay:
We need to know a little more about you before we can answer this.
Then after ~800ms redirect to:
/profile
This must work from:
• first 6 schools
• Explore cards
• any school card
5. REMOVE LOGIN FROM EMAIL COLLECTION SCREEN
The email + password screen is account creation only.
It must NOT contain a login option.
Remove any text like:
Already have an account? Log in instead
Existing users must log in only from the hero screen.
6. DO NOT CHANGE THE ONBOARDING FLOW
The correct new user flow remains:
Hero → Enter Name
Confirm Club / Grad Year
Confirm / Edit Times
Hype Overlay
Email + Password (create account)
Initial 6 Schools
Keep Exploring Schools → Explore page
Deep Dive and Add to List stay on the first-6 screen.
Admissions Reality from that page should route to Profile.
SUCCESS CRITERIA
After this patch:
Hero Screen
Existing Swimmers Login works
Button routes to /login
First-6 Schools
Cards show:
• hero images
• Deep Dive button
• Add to List button
• Admissions Reality button
Admissions Reality
Overlay appears
Then user is redirected to /profile
Email Screen
Only allows account creation
No login option
Card Consistency
First-6 cards behave identically to Explore cards
