We are making several UX and logic improvements to the Lane4 onboarding and reveal flow.
IMPORTANT
Do NOT change any swim evaluation logic, recruiting likelihood calculations, or database schema.
Only modify copy, UI behavior, and school display sequencing.
1. REMOVE SWIMCLOUD REFERENCES
Currently the loading screen shows:
“Finding on SwimCloud”
Remove all references to SwimCloud from the UI.
Replace the loading messages with:
0–2 seconds
Checking your race history…
If loading takes longer than 2 seconds switch to:
Pulling your best times…
This text should rotate exactly in that order.
No other loading text should reference SwimCloud.
2. FIX SCHOOL COUNT LANGUAGE
Currently we display exact numbers like:
190 colleges where your times line up
Instead we use Lane4 language tiers that feel more exciting and less mathematical.
Keep the numeric count internally, but display language like:
School Count	Display Language
<20	Dozens of programs match your current speed
20–99	Scores of colleges match your current speed
100+	Hundreds of programs match your current speed
Example display:
Hundreds of programs match your current speed.
Do NOT display the exact number.
3. FIX “SEE MORE SCHOOLS” LOGIC
After the Top 6 reveal, when the user clicks to see more schools, the system currently shows an unrelated list.
This is incorrect.
Instead:
When generating the next 6 schools, run the exact same selection algorithm used for the Top 6.
Rules:
• Use existing recruiting likelihood filtering
• Maintain brand_rank ordering
• Maintain tie breakers (brand_rank → projected conference finish → swim score)
BUT exclude the previously shown schools.
Implementation:
next_schools = run_top6_algorithm(
    exclude = previously_shown_school_ids
)
Return the next 6 schools.
Constraints remain:
• Competitive / Possible prioritized
• Reach only if needed
• Maximum 2 Reach schools in this group
The goal is that the system simply continues the ranked list, not generate a new random one.
4. EXPLORE PAGE SCHOOL ORDER
When the user reaches the Explore page, run the same algorithm again:
exclude = all_previously_shown_schools
return next 6 schools
Do NOT change the ranking logic.
We are simply continuing the ordered list.
5. IMPROVE EMAIL CAPTURE SCREEN
The email capture screen should feel exciting, not like a form.
Update the screen with:
Headline:
Don’t leave before the interval.
Subtext:
We found schools where your times already line up.
One quick step and they're yours.
Primary blue button text:
SCHOOLS WITH A LANE FOR ME
The page should visually emphasize that something exciting is about to be revealed.
Do not add additional form fields beyond email.
6. FIX HERO PAGE LOGIN BUTTON
Currently there is no functional login entry point for existing users.
Add a secondary CTA below the main button.
Primary CTA (unchanged):
FIND MY TIMES
Add directly below it:
Existing Swimmers Login
Design rules:
• Slightly smaller than primary CTA
• Bold enough to be visible
• Lower visual weight than primary CTA
• Positioned just far enough below the main button to prevent mis-clicks
This button should trigger the existing login flow.
GOAL
These changes should:
• Remove SwimCloud references
• Make the school count language more exciting
• Preserve the ranked school reveal system
• Ensure additional schools continue the ranking
• Make the email capture feel like a moment of anticipation
• Restore login access for existing users
Do not alter any swim evaluation or recruiting logic.