We are making three focused improvements:
Fix hero images on the initial Top 6 schools page
Clean up profile navigation and profile UI
Transform the profile page into a premium recruiting profile presentation
IMPORTANT
Do NOT modify:
swim evaluation logic
recruiting likelihood logic
school ranking logic
database schema
This patch affects UI rendering, layout, and profile presentation only.
1. FIX HERO IMAGES ON INITIAL 6 SCHOOLS
Currently hero images do not appear on the first 6 schools page, even when they exist.
The first-6 screen must use the same image-loading logic as Explore.
Implementation goal:
const firstSix = rankedSchools.slice(0, 6)
firstSix.forEach(school => renderSchoolCard(school))
Image priority should match Explore:
school.hero_image || school.images.campus?.[0]
Requirements:
hero images must render on the initial 6 schools when available
if no hero image exists, render cleanly without broken spacing
use the same school card / image logic already working elsewhere in the app
do not maintain separate image logic for the first-6 page
Hero images must render on:
first 6 schools
Explore cards
deep dive headers
2. PROFILE NAVIGATION + LOGOUT
Currently logout is hard to find.
Update the Profile nav item to open a small dropdown.
Dropdown items:
My Profile
Log Out
Behavior:
My Profile → /profile
Log Out → logs user out and returns to the hero screen
Important:
keep this simple and obvious
do not add extra friction
profile should still feel effectively one-click accessible
logout should be clearly visible once Profile is tapped
3. REMOVE PROFILE DEBUG ELEMENT
Remove the label:
PROFILE TEST MARKER
This is a debug artifact and should not appear in production.
4. REMOVE ACADEMIC FOCUS QUESTION
Remove the entire block:
What's your academic focus so far?
We already capture academic direction through major selection above, so this question is redundant.
Remove:
the UI section
associated state / rendering for that question if still present
5. TRANSFORM PROFILE PAGE INTO A PREMIUM RECRUITING PROFILE
The profile page should feel like a premium recruiting identity page, not a settings form.
The athlete should see themselves presented as one cohesive recruit.
This page should feel like something a swimmer would proudly show:
a parent
a grandparent
a club coach
a college coach
The goal is not “data entry.”
The goal is: this kid feels like the man.
Even if the swimmer is not headed to Stanford, the page should make him feel like a serious recruit with real value and real options.
6. PROFILE PAGE STRUCTURE
HEADER
At the top of the page, present the athlete cleanly:
James Gannon
Class of 2026 • Freestyle / IM
Lane4 Recruiting Profile
Optional credibility line:
Built from verified meet results
Keep it polished and minimal.
7. RECRUITING SUMMARY
Under the header, generate a short, confident identity summary based on the swimmer’s profile.
Examples:
High-academic swimmer with real college options and strong value for selective programs.
Ultra high-academic recruit with strong event range and legitimate scoring potential at selective college programs.
Use academic data to trigger stronger language where deserved.
Examples of logic:
GPA ≥ 3.8 or SAT ≥ 1450 → High Academic Recruit
Top academic tier → Ultra High Academic Recruit
This language should make the swimmer feel recognized and legit.
Do not make it cheesy.
Make it feel confident, polished, and earned.
8. ATHLETE SNAPSHOT (COHESIVE, NOT FRAGMENTED)
Do NOT present the page as a stack of unrelated widgets or individual event badges.
Instead create one clean unified snapshot block that pulls the athlete together in one shot.
Example structure:
Top Events
200 Free • 400 IM • 100 Free

Academic Profile
4.34 GPA • 1460 SAT • 9 APs

Lane4 Evaluation
Strong fit for selective academic programs
This should feel cohesive and premium.
The athlete is one athlete, not a pile of little cards.
9. FULL BEST TIMES
Below the snapshot, show full best times in a clean list.
Example:
Best Times (SCY)

200 Free   1:44.65
400 IM     4:09.38
100 Free   49.96
100 Breast 59.49
1650 Free  16:06.59
Keep this elegant and readable.
Do not turn each event into its own flashy badge.
10. ACADEMIC INTERESTS
Rename:
Potential majors
to:
Academic Interests
Show selected majors only.
This should feel college-ready and polished.
11. DESIGN PRINCIPLE
The profile page should feel like:
a premium recruiting profile / athlete landing page
not:
a form filled with fields
It should feel meaningful, cohesive, and a little braggy in the right way.
The swimmer should look at it and think:
“Yeah… this is me as a real recruit.”
SUCCESS CRITERIA
After this patch:
Initial 6 schools
hero images display when available
Profile navigation
tapping Profile reveals an obvious dropdown with:
My Profile
Log Out
Profile page
PROFILE TEST MARKER is gone
Academic Focus question is gone
page feels like a premium recruiting profile
athlete is presented as one cohesive recruit, not scattered widgets
Implement this as a clean UI and layout refinement only.